Add `1.112.0` changelog (#835)
pulsar-edit/pulsar: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## 1.112.0

> - Added the ability for a user to indicate when to automatically show or hide the wrap-guide; between always, when soft wrap is enabled, or when soft wrap at preferred line length is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added options for a user to control when to automatically show or hide the wrap-guide; "Always", "When soft wrap is enabled", and "When soft wrap at preferred line length is enabled".
```
Suggestion to quote the the actual descriptions from the option and removes ambiguity from the "when"s as it reads like part of a sentence.

- Updated network handling in PPM to something newer and more secure.

> - Made PPM async.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Updated most of PPM's code to use async/await and promises internally.
```
